dbt Cloud release tracks - GA (#7033)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/core-versions-table.md

<sup>1</sup> Release tracks are required for the Developer and Teams plans on dbt Cloud. Accounts using older dbt versions will be migrated to the "Latest" release track.

> For customers of dbt Cloud: dbt Labs strongly recommends migrating any environments that are still running on older unsupported versions to either release tracks or dbt v1.7. Throughout 2025, dbt Labs is removing the oldest dbt Core versions from availability in dbt Cloud, starting with v1.0-1.2.

Reviewer: not blocking but wondering if we can just say supported version to its a bit more scalable and avoids updating versions once 1.7 (or a specific version ) goes eol:

```suggestion
For customers of dbt Cloud: dbt Labs strongly recommends migrating environments on older and unsupported versions to [release tracks](/docs/dbt-versions/cloud-release-tracks) or a supported version. In 2025, dbt Labs will remove the oldest dbt Core versions from availability in dbt Cloud, starting with v1.0 -- v1.2.
```

Reviewer: please let me know if you'd like me to merge or commit, etc.! 🙏

Reviewer: hey @jtcohen6 ! going to merge this for you!
